1. Populate the real (full) database from the scripts we have completed (using implemented api/backend endpoints)
    a. The scripts to populate from the source databases are in a repo (don't remember which one) - one script per source.
    b. Combine into one source.  Will want to a single 'button' (command-line) to get the latest data
        1'. For now, maybe wipe out and re-populate our local database (need to see what extra data would also need to be re-created)
Done - except for final testing on part b

1.01 Provide temporary printouts of the imported databases, with all fields in that database (we need to determine what ones we need
in the unified Codex db).

1.1 Generate Concept IDs and populate our local database - and the mapping tables for other database referencing the same drug (WHO).  Keep the Concept IDs in a centralized place so when downloading copies or making edits, we do not duplicate already-used IDs.

1.2 Disambig page if there's more IDs (NDC, DIN) that were found - we want to get to our Concept ID (take translated names into
account).

2. Integrate the api/backend branch with the UI branch

3. QA-test
    a. Did the language packs load?
    b. Did the workflows behave as intended?

4. Implement the "medical professional" "administrator" authentication system
    a. UI
    b. API/backend (design the tables, etc)

5. Core API structure in place
    a. This might be 'done' - need to verify

6. External Codex identifiers to be mapped to Concept ID (brand names to generic names - brand-names being language-specific)

7. Spreadsheet result evaluation (maybe present a UI) - determine what we include in spreadsheet
    a. Concept ID (normalized ID from sources, etc)
    b. Generic Name
    c. Brand name
    e. Source (db source, including version where applicable)
    f. Source ID
    g. Country
    h. Language
    i. Translation Brand name
    j. Translated generic name
    k. Drug Classification
    l. Confidence score

8. Add concept ID to language and country packs (and to the drug databases)
    a. New column in our db's added after the pull from data sources.

9. Pipeline!! (to generate product for review/usage).  Create a "launch button  (command script) to start backend and front end of real product.

10. UI Review (ease of use, functionality, completeness)

Phase II:  UI representation of the spreadsheet in browser .csv (spreadsheet reader)
    a.  There are npm packages - I searched duckduckgo under "npm spreadsheet reader"

US databases, internationalization (WHO) databases

Country packs contain regulatory variations

Long-term:  AI issues have to be addressed to be local engines first.

Company-wide:  The "How to work with AI" for teams going forward.  Howe we let AI do:
    a. Much of the coding
    b. Much of the database structure
    b. Testing (write unit tests, e2e tests)

Documents:
    a. API architecture (completed to as of current timestamp)
    b. Dataset relationships (database code exposes this) (completed as of current timestamp)
    c. Mapping strategies
    d. Normalizing relationships
    e. Spreadsheet structure

Concept id (high level policy, full implementation deferred to fall)
  Generate if doesn't exist.  If previously generated, that's persistent (start with identifier such as <primary-key>-CodexConcept-<generated-id>)
  If WHO entry exists, use it.
  If rxnorm, use it.
  Concept id is 1 to many, from context ID to database ID

Identify and extract all databases specific to all countries - and map to the Concept id.  Provide a mapping table to ensure what's involved with the concept id (one to many).  Identify RxCUI, DIN, NDC, AIC numbers to the Concept id (both ways).
